Mason Smith is missing. He disappeared about a week ago. Mason loved 
history and he told you that he was on his his way to visit Harrisburg 
Pennsylvania to learn about its history.

He was reported missing, and so far the police have had no luck finding him.
Today, you received a message on your phone that said:

    "They are after me."
    "I can't let them find me"
    "Meet me at the Capitol Steps, hurry.."

Capitol Steps 40.26401, -76.88480

When you get to the steps of the Capitol, you find a notebook. The notebook
old and as you flip through the pages, you recognize Mason's handwriting. On 
the inside of the back cover you find something scribbled by Mason, but it is 
sloppy and looks like it was written in a hurry:

    "If you're reading this, go to the church that's also a holiday"

Trivia Question Hints:

- Look for a shamrock.
- In late 19th-century Harrisburg, parades in honor of me were seen as unnecessary, obnoxious, even un-American.
- This church was named after the "Apostle of Ireland."
- Go to 212 State St.


St. Patrick Cathedral 40.26368, -76.88666

Upon arriving in front of St. Patrick Cathedral you do not see anyone 
matching Mason's description. Looking around you notice a flyer on a building
wall. It is a religious flying that reads "Are you lost and looking to 
find your way to salvation?"  It is filled with the excepted religious info
about finding Jesus, but on the back of the flyer, you once again see Mason's
handwriting it reads:

    "Young man, there's no need to feel down"

East Shore Branch YMCA 40.26392, -76.88929

The YMCA is old bridge brick building that was build in 1933. It is designed
in the Italian Romanesque style and as you can see there have been additions 
over the years.  Mason is no where to be seen. 

As you look around, someone comes out of the building and approaches you. 
They are dress in athletic cloths, their face is flush from their work out. 
They smile as they come to a stop and ask "Are you looking for Mason? He said
to give you this."  They reach out with a note.  You take it and open it 
and read:

    "Go to the 'Never again' monument. Make sure no one follows"

Holocaust Monument 40.26840, -76.89332

The Holocaust Monument is a tribute to remember the structure of iron and 
stone. It is a reminder of one of the darkest chapters in history and a
reminder to "Never Again" allow it to happen again.

At the base of the monument you see a bouquet of flowers. You pick it up 
and inspect the bundle. The scent fills you nose as you pull out a small 
card. The card reads:

    "In Midtown, find the gentleman and the Scholar"

Midtown Scholar

The marquee is above the doors is ablaze with neon blue and white light. 
Their is a large gathering of people in the bookstore. People are listening
to a man leading a discussion, some are browsing through the stacks, and some 
are just there to enjoy a cup of coffee.<br><p>As you search around you
notice a display of books, one of the books looks like it has a piece of
paper sticking out from between it's pages. You flip the book open and take 
the note, it reads:

    "PA also said that those that COURT with criminal behavior are in SUPREME judgement."

Pennsylvania Supreme COURT

The Supreme Court of Pennsylvania is the highest court in the Commonwealth and the oldest appellate court in the nation.<br><p>The building is white with a rounded front filled with large windows. Near the side walk, in the flower beds, you find a small wooden box. Inside you find a note that reads:

"Go to where those that have been RECIPIENTS of the highest HONOR in the land have been MEMORIALized"

Pennsylvania Medal of Honor Recipients Memorial

A grove of trees flanks the grounds where the name of each individual with the date and place of service is noted on a stone in the ground. As you walk along you notice that on one of the "Remember" benches someone has left a small statue of a soldier. You pick it up and flip it over, there is a message engraved on the bottom:

